everyone okay look at this in the way
this is my skincare routine a lot of you
have asked for it so I have decided to
film it everything that I've seen this
video is my exact skincare routine 100%
all mine and therefore the results I get
are based upon the products that I use
for myself my skin is different to yours
so bear that in mind I'll put all the
links to the products in the description
bar plus cheaper alternatives so let's
make a start
cleanser first cleanser I use is the
Polish choice clear pour normalizing
cleanser this is the one I like it's
really nice for my skin and I still get
breakouts
despite Flatman approaching 40 soon
still get breakouts this is the cleanser
that I like he doesn't strict my skin it
doesn't irritate it every day twice a
day i tote my skin oh by the way nothing
in this video and always sponsored paid
for all been sent it's all my stuff just
so we know okay so this is the toner I
use twice a day again Paula's Choice
skin balancing cleanser for normal to
oily and combination skin twice a day
morning and night I use that you're
going to see a lot of Paula's choice
here reason being I have been using them
for about 17 years they are and always
have been my favorite love other
companies love some of their product but
I always my skin is so problematic
Paula's Choice does me good so I
exfoliate twice a day chemically I don't
scrub or rub at my skin because it
irritates it and it causes breakouts and
bumps so morning or evening depending on
how I feel I use the clear anti redness
solution so this is the one that I use
and this is the 2% extra strength and
then at night or morning depending on
how I feel I use the resist and this is
the new one that I'm using this is brand
new i but I was using the H a before but
this is the resist advanced smoothing
with eh-eh so I alternate between BHA
and AJ because one exfoliates the poor
PHA and a chain exfoliates the surface
once a night I use a retinol product now
I use two different ones that I ultimate
so Monday I'll use one Tuesday use the
other and then I go back and forth so
this is by NeoStrata and this is called
the renewal cream it is a retinol
product with 12% pH a so this is what I
use and then on the alternate night I
use clinical 1% retinol treatment and
this is very very very very strong it is
so strong so start off twice a week and
build up it is really really strong once
a week I will exfoliate incredibly well
and I use the drunk elephant and this is
the baby facial the TLC baby facial this
is a really really good product
now the ordinary as I've mentioned over
and over we're going to make amazing
amazing products and not all of them
agree with my skin but they are truly
phenomenal and the reviews are
outstanding and I highly recommend them
so for all of these products there are
cheaper alternatives if you need them
and they're all down there now three
times a week I use the ordinary and I
use the powerful of poic acid I use that
three times a week because any more is
too strong it is amazing evening out the
skin tone so that's why I use it and
I've never found anything better than
that so that is Holy Grail eye cream I
use Charlotte Tilbury and this is the
magic eye rescue everything in charlotte
tilbury sign is magic or it's Hollywood
or it's something so this is what I use
it's really really nice it's really
hydrating I am nearly forty I mean
hydrate
my eyes sunscreen that's the last thing
I put on now there are two that I used
Connect SPF 30 mineral sunscreen for the
body I apply this all over my face
because I'm not by the body one because
you get 30 emails for the same price new
thanks when it's the same ingredients
why would I do that so I use the body
this lasts 120 days I use one point
something mils every day all over or I
use the trunk elephant sheer physical
defense another reason I use this
because it's bloody big that's why I use
them am I using some 30 mil sunscreen
that's going to last me exactly one
month and it's going to cost me 30
pounds or 40 pounds yeah I'm not going
to do that that is my entire routine a
couple of times a week I might use a
face mask and I go between using neon
which is the mud I forgot the name of it
is over there and I'm gonna have to move
to get it
come on it's not there it's in the
bathroom
flour mud I believe it's called it is
amazing and when you rinse all this
bright red and when you rinse it off
this tingles this thing slightly that's
a great mess or use the Paula's Choice
charcoal mask really really good but
that's the products that I use these are
all mine not sponsored not sent these
are mine not paid for hope I made that
clear
because you know people are all over
your dress choose this line you know I
do pretty much just use polished choice
do use some of the ordinary when the
drunk elephant runs out I would just be
using the ordinary they've got the 30
percent the 30 percent exact same
versions is basically but a bit
different so I'm using that as far as
oils go I absolutely do use an oil and I
use the I know you're going
I used the vintage thought one and the
only one you gonna hate it's because of
the price because it is outrageously
expensive that is what I use at the end
after I've applied the retinol because
it is just so good I'll show you the
bottle if you want to have it a week
here it is it's absolutely still that
skincare this basically all that
skincare that you see there is all this
stuff here in multiples come on I run an
atmosphere that's all I'm saying so
that's what I use that's it that's what
I use that's my skincare now all the
information is down there and all the
other foot more affordable alternatives
down there as well and I'll see you soon
bye